Update README.md Install Instructions (#1627)
ruby-gnome/ruby-gnome: README.md

Ruby bindings for GNOME

This is a set of bindings for the GNOME 3.x and 4.x libraries to use

> from Ruby that allow you to write graphical user interaces in ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from Ruby that allows you to write graphical user interfaces in Ruby.
```

## Installation Instructions for gtk3 and gtk4

### Debian/Ubuntu

Ruby can be run from the system directories, or from your home directory, or both.  

> Most people won't have the correct permissions for a system intsall, So the vast majority of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most people won't have the correct permissions for a system install, so the vast majority of
```

> people to run ruby from their local, <b>home/...</b> folder.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
people to run Ruby from their local, `/home/...` directory.  
```

> To test if your copy of ruby is running locally enter this on the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test if your copy of Ruby is running locally enter this on the command line:
```

```bash
which ruby
```

If it outputs something like this:
```bash
/home/ralph/.rbenv/shims/ruby
```

> that starts with "home", that's local (good!) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that starts with `/home/`, that's local (good!) 
```

But if outputs something like this:
```bash
/usr/bin/ruby
```

> That is a system folder, and the gtk3 gem will fail to install.  Actually,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is a system directory, and the gtk4 gem will fail to install.  Actually,
```

a system administrator with super-user permissions could install everything

> in the system folders (see advanced install), but its much better for everyone else to run ruby locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the system folders (see advanced install), but its much better for everyone else to run Ruby locally.
```

> If you're already running a copy of ruby under your home folder, you can install gtk4 (or gtk3):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're already running a copy of Ruby under your home directory, you can install gtk4 (or gtk3):
```

```bash
gem install gtk4
```

> But if you're running ruby from the system folders, you can install a ruby version manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you're running ruby from the system folders, you can install a Ruby version manager
```

> like <a href=https://rvm.io>RVM</a> or <a href="https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv?tab=readme-ov-file">rbenv</a>.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like [RVM](https://rvm.io/) or [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).  
```

> These programs allow you to run multiple versions of ruby from your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These programs allow you to run multiple versions of Ruby from your home directory.
```

> rbenv has a <a href=https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-installer#rbenv-installer>rvenv-installer</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rbenv has a [rbenv-installer](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv-installer)
```

> that installs everything and adds a line to your .bashrc file so you're running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that installs everything and adds a line to your `.bashrc` file so you're running
```

> local copies of ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local copies of Ruby.
```

To get rvenv:

> 1) Run the installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the installer
```

> 2) Restart your command prompt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Restart your command prompt
```

> 3) Run $rbenv install --list    #(find recent ruby version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `rbenv install --list` (find recent Ruby version)
```

> 4) Run $rbenv install 3.3.5      #(example version.  choose one from list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run `rbenv install 3.3.5` (example version.  choose one from list)
```

> 5) Run $which ruby              #(check that its running from home directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `which ruby` (check that its running from home directory)
```

If that works, then you're ready to install gtk4 (or gtk3):

```bash
gem install gtk4
```

### macOS

Input needed...

### Windows

> In windows, the gem should install without issue.  If you install ruby using the <a href="https://rubyinstaller.org/">
> Ruby Installer</a>, make sure that MSYS2 gets installed too.  Gtk needs MSYS2 to make the binary filees.
> Then, at the ruby command prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Windows, the gem should be installed without issue.  If you install Ruby using the
[Ruby Installer](https://rubyinstaller.org/), make sure that MSYS2 gets installed too.  GTK needs MSYS2 to make the binary files.
Then, at the Ruby command prompt:
```

```bash
gem install gtk4
```

## Advanced Installation instructions

### Debian/Ubuntu

```bash

> apt install -y gcc make ruby-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt install -y gcc make ruby-dev
```
